[Edit]: Python `isalnum()` (#7203)
Codecademy/codepedia-content: content/python/concepts/strings/terms/isalnum/isalnum.md

## Syntax

```pseudo
string.isalnum()
```

**Parameters:**

- This method does not accept any parameters.

**Return value:**

- Returns `True` if all characters in the string are alphanumeric (letters and digits)
- Returns `False` if the string is empty or contains at least one non-alphanumeric character

## Example 1: Basic String Validation

The following example demonstrates the fundamental usage of `.isalnum()` to check if a string contains only letters and numbers:

```py
# Check different types of strings
text1 = "Python123"  # Contains letters and numbers
text2 = "HelloWorld"  # Contains only letters
text3 = "123456"      # Contains only numbers

# Test each string
print(f"'{text1}' is alphanumeric: {text1.isalnum()}")
print(f"'{text2}' is alphanumeric: {text2.isalnum()}")
print(f"'{text3}' is alphanumeric: {text3.isalnum()}")

# Test strings with special characters
invalid_text = "Python 123"  # Contains space
print(f"'{invalid_text}' is alphanumeric: {invalid_text.isalnum()}")
```

The output generated by this code is:

```shell
'Python123' is alphanumeric: True
'HelloWorld' is alphanumeric: True
'123456' is alphanumeric: True
'Python 123' is alphanumeric: False
```

> This example shows how `.isalnum()` returns `True` for strings containing only letters, only numbers, or a combination of both, but returns `False` when spaces or special characters are present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how `.isalnum()` returns `True` for strings containing only letters, only numbers, or a combination of both, but returns `False` when spaces or special characters are present:
```
